and actually raised
Oh much of you then castle grace not to
hear ya right i have that when I rounds
yeah and and you can see the level of
detail that they do you know here we
made did a wonderful job and also the 40
Chrisman yes I know they work on the
painting meaning they went to him on the
research that design because they wanted
to get it just right you know they knew
they had satisfied both the filmation
community that where this is from and
then the vintage toys I so they blend it
together and actually there's not
there's no real reference for
mountain now look at every every in the
film it was a little different yes
between the myp and the formation if
there's no room repin so what they did
is they they because there's such again
oh I knew it all together and try to put
every piece to go to create entire 316
and yes you know really and you thinking
the last time they even made a toy of
snake mountain was back in the 1980s
mission of the level that they went
through
we went on the design
yeah this was always my cutest farm when
I saw it at San Diego last year I'm like
oh my god that is so adorable look at
all the detail that you put in you know
probably in the different phases it's a
different emotion for each one yes you
know the we didn't we didn't stick with
you know Gotye one and that's going to
sis but you know you really wanted to
take it to the level where the detail
came out in every part of the mountain
you know yes part you could just look
but focus on one part and you could
still get cut all right now because i
know i just pre-ordered mine i'm a big
fan besides collect a very big collector
there you go oh yeah i could barely move
this just so you can see
yep
I'm going to warn people to reinforce
the shelf wherever they and and then you
can see when you put them together maybe
a big size different vacation it's still
larger you know we have
you have you had the castle grayskull
right we added by itself it comes up to
about here right so we did it with them
accessory said is actually coming out
late March early April so she'd be in
our warehouses by then but you can see
what this SUV really builds up the
castle myself though but even putting
them together you can see the snake
mountain is still
white figure I figured if you know you
scale because that's the way it should
be yeah we could have done it a lot
smaller with it
keep a little bit of scale here with the
you know big mountain beans yes you do
and I'm glad you guys decided not to
make this all the same taller oh yeah
cuz i remember at san diego was showing
all the same color yeah and it just
blend it too much where it loses the dl
yeah so we try to go with the details
you with the detail that you know the
turrets and Italian fighter this
actually comes off
oh just like the vintage toy you know
so you can you can choose how you want
to display
the option
a lot of different options that people
people can and do you know how they
wanted to school
easy to your continuing with your
business set yeah so I'm actually we
just re-released
Castle Grayskull because it's so now
this one of the cascading card holder
and the he-man right sold out but there
was still a lot of demand people kept
asking us please can you you know didn't
add vessels in and understand i can tell
you this Metellus held on to that lion
so precious that we've been craving it
for over 30 years and then they're
fought I'm glad that Scott night look
convince people over at hotel yet to
release a so this one is actually a toy
fair gave you so this is the cast of the
snake mountain
put your business cards in there you can
see that you know we also tried to stick
with the level of design it's also the
form of horsemen also painting this
we can always point out the four
horsemen stuff yeah you can see it from
a mile away and the nice stuff about it
is again we came into line with the
Skeletor right your second of the left
yeah another open an opener and it fits
right in there so that you know you can
have both the grace grace go and take
now if you people have asked will you be
making the terrorists as pencil holders
to go will it um that's doing maybe it's
in the works yeah it kind of kind of
kind of Japan
because it doesn't look right without
fair you know yeah that's true that is
one of the options in you're still
looking
this is the first thing that we'll be
releasing with Shira oh the letter
furnace so
like a new school yesterday is it
totally start yes it's not the same and
because I know a lot of people when you
first came out with the he man said oh
it's gonna be easy to do this year uh
yeah put in the stone no no we didn't
charge so you can see how it's in scale
right then he man is larger I mean the
faker the he-man all the swords were
larger right shira's is of course which
is more differences but you know it's
actually slimmer and we entirely news
now when it is based on the phone h and
a little twist and it's also based on
the mattel toy yes because I know the
classic flying they mix both the cartoon
and the vintage toy yeah together yeah
that's why eat this is more of the
dalmatian influencing because of the
cutouts yeah and you can feel you know
the weight on that he didn't think alloy
so it's just like just like the he-man
server with zinc alloy you know and
that's going to fit into the castle
question
you know I mean all of them are
interchangeable we try to make them so
that they said they all they all
go together easily yeah now when will
our people be seeing these
so sheeran will be coming out
this one is third quarter is any second
quarter also this will be a saloon so
pre-orders should be coming out through
after Tory finishes all the distributors
should have all of these starting to
list yes I know